# Mining Software Repositories Awards 2020

## Call for Nominations
The Mining Software Repositories community has introduced a series of two awards, the MSR Ric Holt Early Career Achievement Award and the MSR Foundational Contribution Award.

### MSR Ric Holt Early Career Achievement Award
This award recognizes outstanding junior researchers who have provided outstanding contributions in the area of mining software repositories. The award recognizes research outputs produced by candidates during the early stages of their career. To be eligible, a candidate’s most recent computer-related educational degree (baccalaureate, masters, or doctoral degree) must have been awarded on or after January 1, 2013. If the degree included a defense, the defense must have occurred on or after January 1, 2013. If the degree included a thesis, but did not require a defense, then the final submission of the thesis must have occurred on or after January 1, 2013. The award is named after Dr. Ric Holt (1941 – 2019) who was a professor at the University of Waterloo.

For the **MSR 2019 Early Career Achievement Award**, the recipient is **Emad Shihab** for contributions to the state of the art in research and practice in software quality assurance as well as outreach and education efforts throughout the international MSR community.

### MSR Foundational Contribution Award
The MSR Foundational Contribution Award recognizes individuals, or groups of individuals, having produced fundamental contributions in the field of mining software repositories, **which helped many others (not limited to the MSR community) to build on it to advance the state of the art**. It could be a tool, a dataset, a repository, or a mixture of contributions opening new research areas. It is not a requirement that such a research contribution has been presented at the MSR conference at some point. Having received other recognitions for the same contribution does not preclude an individual to be nominated for the MSR Foundational Contribution Award.

For the **MSR 2019 Foundational Contribution Award**, the recipient is **Katsuro Inoue** for fostering a vibrant international community around software clone analysis and the development of the CCFinder clone detector, which has enabled countless others to do research involving code clones.

### Nominations Procedure

The awards are based on nominations. Nomination letters must be sent via email, in PDF format, to the addresses: 

**ying.zou@queensu.ca;a.e.zaidman@tudelft.nl**

Along with the nomination letter, the nominator must enclose between one and three reference letters. Letters cannot be from the nominator herself, and can be typically short reference letter (1-2 pages), although longer letters are welcome. Self-nominations are disallowed.

The nomination letter must contain:

*	Nominator Name
*	Nominator Affiliation
*	Nominator Email
*	Nominee(s) Name(s) (can be multiple people for the MSR Foundational Contribution Award)
*	Nominee(s) Affiliation(s)
*	Nominee(s) Email(s)
*	Proposed citation (25 words)
*	Short nomination statement (max 250 words)
*	Detailed nomination (not limited)
* (attached) up to three reference letters in PDF format

### Eligibility criteria

Award Committee Chairs, Award Committee Members, the current and the 1st past Steering Committee Chairs of MSR cannot nominate, cannot be nominated, and cannot endorse (write letters).

Everyone else, including Steering Committee Members, can nominate, be nominated, and endorse (write letters).

### Important Dates

<table>
 <tr><td valign="top">Nominations&nbsp;deadline </td><td> February 3, 2020, 23:59 AOE </td></tr>
 <tr><td valign="top">Notification         </td><td> March 2, 2020 </td></tr>
 <tr><td valign="top">Award ceremony       </td><td> May 25-26, 2020. Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea (at the <a href="https://2020.msrconf.org/">MSR 2020</a> Conference) </td></tr>
</table>

### MSR Awards Co-Chairs

* <a href="https://www.ece.queensu.ca/people/Y-Zou/">Ying Zou</a>, Queen's University, Canada
*	<a href="https://azaidman.github.io/">Andy Zaidman</a>, Delft University of Technology, The Netherlands

### MSR Awards Committee Members

TBA
